---
description: Lock your $RCT into veRCT to start accessing the revenue of Reactor Finance
---

# veRCT

### `veRCT` **Utility** <a href="#vethe-utility" id="vethe-utility"></a>

* Protocol revenue access: `veRCT` holders can vote for gauges on a weekly basis, and access 90% of the trading fees and 100% of the voting incentives for the associated pool.
* Governance participation: `veRCT` holders can partake in governance and cast votes for the protocol improvement proposals.

#### `veRCT` voters receive:

* Trading fees generated by the pool(s) they vote for.
* Voting incentives deposited for the pools they vote for.
* Weekly veRCT rebase (early adopter anti-dilution mechanics).

### `veRCT` **Specifications** <a href="#vethe-specifications" id="vethe-specifications"></a>

* _ve(3,3) Mechanics_: The Olympus DAO anti-dilution method, commonly known as the rebase mechanism, is combined with Curve's _vote-escrowed_ model in the Solidly-initiated ve(3,3) Mechanics concept. To safeguard `veRCT` holders from dilution and to enable a dynamic distribution of `veRCT` among participants over time, the anti-dilution level has been capped at 30%.
* _Gauge:_ A pool with dynamic `$RCT` rewards based on `veRCT` weekly voting allocation.
* _Voting incentives_: Custom amount of tokens deposited by a protocol on a gauge to `veRCT` holders in exchange for their votes.
* _Max Lock_: 6 months.
* _Farming Boost_: This feature has not been included to prevent from the emergence of any profit maxi protocols on top of Reactor. Conversely, a dynamic and decentralized governance over `$RCT` emissions is fostered over time.
* _Flexibility_: `veRCT` positions can be merged, split, and sold on the secondary market.
